# 1. Create Components 

  create Head -> add it to the app.tsx
    |
    v
  create Body -> add it to the app.tsx
    |
    v
  create SideBar -> add it to the Body component
    |
    v
  create MainContainer -> add it to the Body component
    |
    v
  create ButtonList -> add it to the MainContainer component
    |
    v
  create VideoContainer -> add it to the MainContainer component
    |
    v
  create VideoCard -> add it to the VideoContainer component


# 2. Fix Aligment
- place components on screen(body component) using flex etc.


# 3. Start building Head
- head got 3 sections: left(logo + sidebar view button: hamburger menu), middle(search), right section(usericon + notification bell)
- add hamburger menu image link(sidebar button)
- 


# 4. start building sidebar
- added various sections like subscription, home, watch later.
- add functionality of hamburger menu icon and sidebar:
        - by using useState. 
        where? where to create the state variable: 
        (how to think: 1. sidebar is in the body
                       2. body and head are siblings so agar ligting a stae up vale se soche toh head , nhi hona chhiye
                       3. this feature shiuld be avialable across the app, so good to keep it in a global space-> hence redux store)


# 5. create Redux Store
- install Redux
  [ 
  1. npm i @reduxjs/toolkit
  2. npm i react-redux
  ]
- create utils folder -> added "store.tsx" [import {configureStore} from reduxjs/toolkit]
                      -> made basic store layout -> added "appSlice.tsx" [import {createSlice} from reduxjs/toolkit]
                      -> add 'toggleMenu' in the reducers of appSLice.
- import appslice in the store.
- provide 'store' to the 'app'
  how...??
  [
    * by using a component called provider(coes from react-redux). <Provider> </Provider>
    * wrap everything in nthe 'app' in this provider component.
    * provide store to the component. <Provider store = {store}> </Provider>
  ]
- check whether the store is setup or not. 
  how..?
  [
    * use the extension: ReduxDevTools
  ]
- next step, go to hamburger menu icon and toggle the side menu.
  [
  - add onClick() to the left section in the head component. [ onClick={() => toggleMenuHandler()} ]
  - what will this toggleMenuHandler() do..? 
       [
        * it will dispatch an action to change the state of the toggleMenu
        * import {useDispatch} from react-redux (issa hook)
        * give dispatch() the toggleMenu coming from appSlice. [ dispatch(toggleMenu()) ]       ]     
  ]
- Now, the state changes in the store as you click but only visible via the chrome extension. 
- SideBar component subscribe to the store(specific portion of the store): useSelector()
  [
    // The listener grabs just the 'isMenuOpen' value from the store
    const isMenuOpen = useSelector((store) => store.app.isMenuOpen) 

    // Also do Early Return incase isMenuOpen is false, it wont execute the code of main return
    if(!isMenuOpen) return null;
  ]

# Concept: Inline Typing 
error: 'store' is of type 'unknown'
fix:
 [
  add this at the bottom of the store.ts: 
            export type RootState = ReturnType<typeof store.getState>;
  Explanation: forces TypeScript to inspect actual store and generate a custom type blueprint for it.
               1. store.getState
                  - built-in Redux function
                  - returns a plain JavaScript object representing your entire global state tree
               2. typeof store.getState
                  - It figures out the shape/type of the function without touching/running anything
                  - typeof acts like a scanner
               3. ReturnType<...>
                  - built-in TypeScript utility
                  - takes a function type, deletes the "function call" part and extracts only the data type of value that function spits out. 
 ]

# 6. Main Container
# START WITH BUTTONLIST/ FILTER OPTIONS
- basic "button" component created
- give it to buttonlist component
- multiply the "button" comp i. buttonlist for as much as u want
- Passing name as a prop to the "button" in buttonlist:
  METHOD 1[
    # In Button 
     - destructure the name and define the type 
       const Button = ({name}:{name:string}) =>
     - pass {name} like <button>{name}</button> 
    # In ButtonList
     - simply pass the name 
       <Button name='Cricket'/>
  ]
  METHOD 2: (EFFICIENT way)
  [
    # In ButtonList
    - Make List of all categories 
    - loop through it. how..?
      [
        - using .map on the "categories" list
      ]
  ]


  
